Fixes issues #18 #19 #21 #23 (#25)
brainhack-proceedings/docs: source/AUTHORS.md

 to create a copy of the template repository at your own local, and edit as necessary.
 - [Create an issue](https://github.com/brainhack-proceedings/submit/issues/new) in this repository, using the "Submission" template, and fill in all the information.
 - Our team will fork your repository on `https://github.com/brainhack-proceedings/your_paper_id`.
 - We will configure a new github page, and make the paper information and pdf available on `https://brainhack-proceedings.github.io/your_paper_id`. The page will be refreshed every time a new version of the paper is released (revision1, revision2, etc).
 - A review issue will be opened on the fork, inviting some reviewers.
 - Reviewers will create issues. You will need to submit pull requests to address these issues.
 - The editor will close each review issue after reviewing they advised was properly addressed.
 - After all issues have been addressed, a "publish" release will be made by the editor.
 - All versions of the paper will be posted on [https://brainhack-proceedings.github.io](https://brainhack-proceedings.github.io) right after the initial submission.

>  - Make sure that you archive your repository in [Zenodo](https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/)or [Figshare](https://mozillascience.github.io/code-research-object/) together with your submission to Brainhack Proceedings. Doing so, you will get a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) for your repository while providing a time-free representation to your paper and associated code repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Make sure that you [archive your repository](https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code/) with data archiving tools such as [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/) or [Figshare](https://figshare.com/) together with your submission to Brainhack Proceedings. Doing so, you will get a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) for your repository while providing a time-free representation to your paper and associated code repositories. GitHub provides a clear step-by-step tutorial on [Making Your Code Citable](https://guides.github.com/activities/citable-code).
```

- The co-authors' consent to be listed should be taken before they are administrated as the co-authors with the publication.

- The consent should guarantee of the co-authors should be ready to take the responsibilities regarding the any queries and support for the publication.

> - Purely financial contributors should not be considered as co-authors but considered as funding supports and needs to be acknowledged at the Acknowledgement section of the paper as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Purely financial contributors should not be considered as co-authors but considered as funding supports and needs to be acknowledged in the Acknowledgement section of the paper as necessary.
```
